= Redpanda Connectors Helm Chart Specification

:description: Find the default values and descriptions of settings in the Redpanda Connectors Helm chart.

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.7-informational?style=flat-square[Version:
0.1.7]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square[Type:
application]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v1.0.6-informational?style=flat-square[AppVersion:
v1.0.6]

This page describes the official Redpanda Connectors Helm Chart. In
particular, this page describes the contents of the chart’s
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/connectors/values.yaml[`values.yaml`
file]. Each of the settings is listed and described on this page, along
with any default values.

For instructions on how to install and use the chart, including how to
override and customize the chart’s values, refer to the
link:TODO[deployment documentation].

'''''

Autogenerated from chart metadata using
https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0[helm-docs
v1.11.0]

== Source Code

* https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts

== Requirements

Kubernetes: `^1.21.0-0`

== Settings

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=auth++[auth]

Authentication settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/security/sasl-kubernetes/[SASL
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"sasl":{"enabled":false,"mechanism":"scram-sha-512","secretRef":"","userName":""}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.mechanism++[auth.sasl.mechanism]

The authentication mechanism to use for the superuser. Options are
`scram-sha-256` and `scram-sha-512`.

*Default:* `"scram-sha-512"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.secretRef++[auth.sasl.secretRef]

A Secret that contains your SASL user password.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=commonLabels++[commonLabels]

Additional labels to add to all Kubernetes objects. For example,
`my.k8s.service: redpanda`.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.additionalConfiguration++[connectors.additionalConfiguration]

TODO the schema

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.bootstrapServers++[connectors.bootstrapServers]

Bootstrap servers list is coma separated list of individual Redpanda
brokers as single line string

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.ca.secretNameOverwrite++[connectors.brokerTLS.ca.secretNameOverwrite]

If secretRef points to secret where Certificate Authority is not under
ca.crt key then please use secretNameOverwrite to overwrite it
e.g. corp-ca.crt

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.ca.secretRef++[connectors.brokerTLS.ca.secretRef]

The name of the secret where ca.crt is located

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.cert.secretNameOverwrite++[connectors.brokerTLS.cert.secretNameOverwrite]

If secretRef points to secret where client signed certificate is not
under tls.crt key then please use secretNameOverwrite to overwrite it
e.g. corp-tls.crt

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.cert.secretRef++[connectors.brokerTLS.cert.secretRef]

The name of the secret where client signed certificate is located

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.enabled++[connectors.brokerTLS.enabled]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.key.secretNameOverwrite++[connectors.brokerTLS.key.secretNameOverwrite]

If secretRef points to secret where client private key is not under
tls.key key then please use secretNameOverwrite to overwrite it
e.g. corp-tls.key

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.brokerTLS.key.secretRef++[connectors.brokerTLS.key.secretRef]

The name of the secret where client private key is located

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.groupID++[connectors.groupID]

*Default:* `"connectors-cluster"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.producerBatchSize++[connectors.producerBatchSize]

*Default:* `131072`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.producerLingerMS++[connectors.producerLingerMS]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.restPort++[connectors.restPort]

*Default:* `8083`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.schemaRegistryURL++[connectors.schemaRegistryURL]

List of Redpanda IP:Port or DNS:Port separated by coma.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.secretManager.connectorsPrefix++[connectors.secretManager.connectorsPrefix]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.secretManager.consolePrefix++[connectors.secretManager.consolePrefix]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.secretManager.enabled++[connectors.secretManager.enabled]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.secretManager.region++[connectors.secretManager.region]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.read.config++[connectors.storage.remote.read.config]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.read.offset++[connectors.storage.remote.read.offset]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.read.status++[connectors.storage.remote.read.status]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.write.config++[connectors.storage.remote.write.config]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.write.offset++[connectors.storage.remote.write.offset]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.remote.write.status++[connectors.storage.remote.write.status]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.replicationFactor.config++[connectors.storage.replicationFactor.config]

*Default:* `-1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.replicationFactor.offset++[connectors.storage.replicationFactor.offset]

*Default:* `-1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.replicationFactor.status++[connectors.storage.replicationFactor.status]

*Default:* `-1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.topic.config++[connectors.storage.topic.config]

*Default:*

....
"_internal_connectors_configs"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.topic.offset++[connectors.storage.topic.offset]

*Default:*

....
"_internal_connectors_offsets"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=connectors.storage.topic.status++[connectors.storage.topic.status]

*Default:*

....
"_internal_connectors_status"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=container.javaGCLogEnabled++[container.javaGCLogEnabled]

*Default:* `"false"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=container.resources++[container.resources]

Pod resource management.

*Default:*

....
{"javaMaxHeapSize":"2G","limits":{"cpu":1,"memory":"2350Mi"},"request":{"cpu":1,"memory":"2350Mi"}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=container.resources.javaMaxHeapSize++[container.resources.javaMaxHeapSize]

Java maximum heap size can not be greater than
$container.resources.limits.memory

*Default:* `"2G"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=container.securityContext++[container.securityContext]

Security context for managed Connectors container. See also
deployment.securityContext for pod level.

*Default:*

....
{"allowPrivilegeEscalation":false}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.annotations++[deployment.annotations]

Additional annotations to apply to the Pods of this StatefulSet.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.budget.maxUnavailable++[deployment.budget.maxUnavailable]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.create++[deployment.create]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.extraEnv++[deployment.extraEnv]

Additional environment variables for the Connectors Deployment.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.livenessProbe++[deployment.livenessProbe]

Adjust the period for your probes to meet your needs. For details, see
the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"failureThreshold":3,"initialDelaySeconds":10,"periodSeconds":10,"successThreshold":1,"timeoutSeconds":1}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.nodeAffinity++[deployment.nodeAffinity]

Node Affinity rules for scheduling Pods of this Deployment. The
suggestion would be to spread Pods according to topology zone. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#node-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.nodeSelector++[deployment.nodeSelector]

Node selection constraints for scheduling Pods of this StatefulSet.
These constraints override the global nodeSelector value. For details,
see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAffinity++[deployment.podAffinity]

Inter-Pod Affinity rules for scheduling Pods of this Deployment. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAntiAffinity++[deployment.podAntiAffinity]

Anti-affinity rules for scheduling Pods of this Deployment. For details,
see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation]. You may either edit the default settings for
anti-affinity rules, or specify new anti-affinity rules to use instead
of the defaults.

*Default:*

....
{"custom":{},"topologyKey":"kubernetes.io/hostname","type":"hard","weight":100}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAntiAffinity.custom++[deployment.podAntiAffinity.custom]

Change `podAntiAffinity.type` to `custom` and provide your own
podAntiAffinity rules here.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAntiAffinity.topologyKey++[deployment.podAntiAffinity.topologyKey]

The topologyKey to be used. Can be used to spread across different
nodes, AZs, regions etc.

*Default:* `"kubernetes.io/hostname"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAntiAffinity.type++[deployment.podAntiAffinity.type]

Valid anti-affinity types are `soft`, `hard`, or `custom`. Use `custom`
if you want to supply your own anti-affinity rules in the
`podAntiAffinity.custom` object.

*Default:* `"hard"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.podAntiAffinity.weight++[deployment.podAntiAffinity.weight]

Weight for `soft` anti-affinity rules. Does not apply for other
anti-affinity types.

*Default:* `100`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.priorityClassName++[deployment.priorityClassName]

PriorityClassName given to Pods of this StatefulSet. For details, see
the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.progressDeadlineSeconds++[deployment.progressDeadlineSeconds]

The maximum time in seconds for a deployment to make progress before it
is considered to be failed. The deployment controller will continue to
process failed deployments and a condition with a
ProgressDeadlineExceeded reason will be surfaced in the deployment
status. Note that progress will not be estimated during the time a
deployment is paused. Defaults to 600s.

*Default:* `600`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.failureThreshold++[deployment.readinessProbe.failureThreshold]

*Default:* `2`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds++[deployment.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds]

*Default:* `60`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.periodSeconds++[deployment.readinessProbe.periodSeconds]

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.successThreshold++[deployment.readinessProbe.successThreshold]

*Default:* `3`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds++[deployment.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds]

*Default:* `5`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.restartPolicy++[deployment.restartPolicy]

*Default:* `"Always"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.revisionHistoryLimit++[deployment.revisionHistoryLimit]

The number of old ReplicaSets to retain to allow rollback. This is a
pointer to distinguish between explicit zero and not specified. Defaults
to 10.

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.schedulerName++[deployment.schedulerName]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.securityContext.fsGroup++[deployment.securityContext.fsGroup]

*Default:* `101`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy++[deployment.securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy]

*Default:* `"OnRootMismatch"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.securityContext.runAsUser++[deployment.securityContext.runAsUser]

*Default:* `101`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.strategy.type++[deployment.strategy.type]

*Default:* `"RollingUpdate"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds++[deployment.terminationGracePeriodSeconds]

*Default:* `30`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.tolerations++[deployment.tolerations]

Taints to be tolerated by Pods of this StatefulSet. These tolerations
override the global tolerations value. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.maxSkew++[deployment.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].maxSkew]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.topologyKey++[deployment.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].topologyKey]

*Default:*

....
"topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.whenUnsatisfiable++[deployment.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].whenUnsatisfiable]

*Default:* `"ScheduleAnyway"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=deployment.updateStrategy.type++[deployment.updateStrategy.type]

*Default:* `"RollingUpdate"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=fullnameOverride++[fullnameOverride]

Override `connectors.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=image++[image]

Redpanda Docker image settings.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/connectors","tag":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=image.pullPolicy++[image.pullPolicy]

The imagePullPolicy. If `image.tag` is `latest', the default is
`Always`.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=image.repository++[image.repository]

Docker repository from which to pull the Redpanda Docker image.

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/connectors"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=image.tag++[image.tag]

The Redpanda version. See DockerHub for:
https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/redpanda/tags[All stable versions]
and https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/redpanda-unstable/tags[all
unstable versions].

*Default:* `Chart.appVersion`.

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=imagePullSecrets++[imagePullSecrets]

Pull secrets may be used to provide credentials to image repositories
See
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=logging++[logging]

Log-level settings.

*Default:* `{"level":"warn"}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=logging.level++[logging.level]

Log level Valid values (from least to most verbose) are: `error`,
`warn`, `info` and `debug`.

*Default:* `"warn"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=monitoring++[monitoring]

Monitoring. This will create a ServiceMonitor that can be used by
Prometheus-Operator or VictoriaMetrics-Operator to scrape the metrics.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"enabled":false,"labels":{},"namespaceSelector":{"any":true},"scrapeInterval":"30s"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=nameOverride++[nameOverride]

Override `connectors.name` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=service++[service]

Service management.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"name":"","ports":[{"name":"prometheus","port":9404}]}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=service.annotations++[service.annotations]

Annotations to add to the service.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=service.name++[service.name]

The name of the service to use. If not set, a name is generated using
the `connectors.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=serviceAccount++[serviceAccount]

Service account management.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"create":false,"name":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.annotations++[serviceAccount.annotations]

Annotations to add to the service account.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.create++[serviceAccount.create]

Specifies whether a service account should be created.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.name++[serviceAccount.name]

The name of the service account to use. If not set and
`serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the
`connectors.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=storage.volumeMounts%5B0%5D.mountPath++[storage.volumeMounts[0\].mountPath]

*Default:* `"/tmp"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=storage.volumeMounts%5B0%5D.name++[storage.volumeMounts[0\].name]

*Default:* `"rp-connect-tmp"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=storage.volume%5B0%5D.emptyDir.medium++[storage.volume[0\].emptyDir.medium]

*Default:* `"Memory"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=storage.volume%5B0%5D.emptyDir.sizeLimit++[storage.volume[0\].emptyDir.sizeLimit]

*Default:* `"5Mi"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=storage.volume%5B0%5D.name++[storage.volume[0\].name]

*Default:* `"rp-connect-tmp"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=test.create++[test.create]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/connectors?modal=values&path=tolerations++[tolerations]

Taints to be tolerated by Pods, can override this for StatefulSets. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`
