= Redpanda Console Helm Chart Specification

:description: Find the default values and descriptions of settings in the Redpanda Console Helm chart.

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.7.9-informational?style=flat-square[Version:
0.7.9]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square[Type:
application]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.3.5-informational?style=flat-square[AppVersion:
v2.3.5]

This page describes the official Redpanda Console Helm Chart. In
particular, this page describes the contents of the chart’s
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/console/values.yaml[`values.yaml`
file]. Each of the settings is listed and described on this page, along
with any default values.

For instructions on how to install and use the chart, including how to
override and customize the chart’s values, refer to the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy/[deployment
documentation].

'''''

Autogenerated from chart metadata using
https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0[helm-docs
v1.11.0]

== Source Code

* https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts

== Settings

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=affinity++[affinity]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=annotations++[annotations]

Annotations to add to the deployment.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=autoscaling.enabled++[autoscaling.enabled]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=autoscaling.maxReplicas++[autoscaling.maxReplicas]

*Default:* `100`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=autoscaling.minReplicas++[autoscaling.minReplicas]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage++[autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage]

*Default:* `80`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=commonLabels++[commonLabels]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=configmap.create++[configmap.create]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=console.config++[console.config]

Settings for the `Config.yaml` (required). For a reference of
configuration settings, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/console/config/[Redpanda
Console documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=deployment.create++[deployment.create]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=enterprise++[enterprise]

Settings for license key, as an alternative to secret.enterprise when a
license secret is available

*Default:*

....
{"licenseSecretRef":{"key":"","name":""}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=extraContainers++[extraContainers]

Add additional containers, such as for oauth2-proxy.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=extraEnv++[extraEnv]

Additional environment variables for the Redpanda Console Deployment.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=extraEnvFrom++[extraEnvFrom]

Additional environment variables for Redpanda Console mapped from Secret
or ConfigMap.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=extraVolumeMounts++[extraVolumeMounts]

Add additional volume mounts, such as for TLS keys.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=extraVolumes++[extraVolumes]

Add additional volumes, such as for TLS keys.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=fullnameOverride++[fullnameOverride]

Override `console.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image++[image]

Redpanda Console Docker image settings.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","registry":"docker.redpanda.com","repository":"redpandadata/console","tag":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.pullPolicy++[image.pullPolicy]

The imagePullPolicy.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.repository++[image.repository]

Docker repository from which to pull the Redpanda Docker image.

*Default:* `"redpandadata/console"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.tag++[image.tag]

The Redpanda Console version. See DockerHub for:
https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/console/tags[All stable versions]
and https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/console-unstable/tags[all
unstable versions].

*Default:* `Chart.appVersion`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=imagePullSecrets++[imagePullSecrets]

Pull secrets may be used to provide credentials to image repositories
See
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.annotations++[ingress.annotations]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.className++[ingress.className]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.enabled++[ingress.enabled]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.hosts%5B0%5D.host++[ingress.hosts[0\].host]

*Default:* `"chart-example.local"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.hosts%5B0%5D.paths%5B0%5D.path++[ingress.hosts[0].paths[0\].path]

*Default:* `"/"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.hosts%5B0%5D.paths%5B0%5D.pathType++[ingress.hosts[0].paths[0\].pathType]

*Default:* `"ImplementationSpecific"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=ingress.tls++[ingress.tls]

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=initContainers++[initContainers]

Any initContainers defined should be written here

*Default:* `{"extraInitContainers":""}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=initContainers.extraInitContainers++[initContainers.extraInitContainers]

Additional set of init containers

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=livenessProbe++[livenessProbe]

Settings for liveness and readiness probes. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-probes/#configure-probes[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"failureThreshold":3,"initialDelaySeconds":0,"periodSeconds":10,"successThreshold":1,"timeoutSeconds":1}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=nameOverride++[nameOverride]

Override `console.name` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=nodeSelector++[nodeSelector]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=podAnnotations++[podAnnotations]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=podLabels++[podLabels]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=podSecurityContext.fsGroup++[podSecurityContext.fsGroup]

*Default:* `99`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=podSecurityContext.runAsUser++[podSecurityContext.runAsUser]

*Default:* `99`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=priorityClassName++[priorityClassName]

PriorityClassName given to Pods. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=readinessProbe.failureThreshold++[readinessProbe.failureThreshold]

*Default:* `3`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds++[readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds]

Grant time to test connectivity to upstream services such as Kafka and
Schema Registry.

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=readinessProbe.periodSeconds++[readinessProbe.periodSeconds]

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=readinessProbe.successThreshold++[readinessProbe.successThreshold]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds++[readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=replicaCount++[replicaCount]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources++[resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=secret++[secret]

Create a new Kubernetes Secret for all sensitive configuration inputs.
Each provided Secret is mounted automatically and made available to the
Pod. If you want to use one or more existing Secrets, you can use the
`extraEnvFrom` list to mount environment variables from string and
secretMounts to mount files such as Certificates from Secrets.

*Default:*

....
{"create":true,"enterprise":{},"kafka":{},"login":{"github":{},"google":{},"jwtSecret":"","oidc":{},"okta":{}},"redpanda":{"adminApi":{}}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=secret.kafka++[secret.kafka]

Kafka Secrets.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=secretMounts++[secretMounts]

SecretMounts is an abstraction to make a Secret available in the
container’s filesystem. Under the hood it creates a volume and a volume
mount for the Redpanda Console container.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=securityContext.runAsNonRoot++[securityContext.runAsNonRoot]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=service.annotations++[service.annotations]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=service.port++[service.port]

*Default:* `8080`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=service.targetPort++[service.targetPort]

Override the value in `console.config.server.listenPort` if not `nil`

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=service.type++[service.type]

*Default:* `"ClusterIP"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.annotations++[serviceAccount.annotations]

Annotations to add to the service account.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.create++[serviceAccount.create]

Specifies whether a service account should be created.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.name++[serviceAccount.name]

The name of the service account to use. If not set and
`serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the
`console.fullname` template

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tolerations++[tolerations]

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=topologySpreadConstraints++[topologySpreadConstraints]

*Default:* `{}`
