= Redpanda Operator Helm Chart Specification

:description: Find the default values and descriptions of settings in the Redpanda Operator Helm chart.

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.4.19-informational?style=flat-square[Version:
0.4.19]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square[Type:
application]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v2.1.14--23.3.4-informational?style=flat-square[AppVersion:
v2.1.14-23.3.4]

This page describes the official Redpanda Operator Helm Chart. In
particular, this page describes the contents of the chart’s
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/operator/values.yaml[`values.yaml`
file]. Each of the settings is listed and described on this page, along
with any default values.

For instructions on how to install and use the chart, including how to
override and customize the chart’s values, refer to the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy/[deployment
documentation].

'''''

Autogenerated from chart metadata using
https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0[helm-docs
v1.11.0]

== Source Code

* https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts

== Requirements

[width="100%",cols="45%,22%,33%",options="header",]
|===
|Repository |Name |Version
|https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts
|kube-prometheus-stack |51.2.0
|===

== Settings

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=additionalCmdFlags++[additionalCmdFlags]

Passes additional flags to the Redpanda Operator at startup. Additional
flags include: - `--additional-controllers`: Additional controllers to
deploy. Valid values are nodeWatcher or decommission. For more
information about the Nodewatcher controller, see
https://docs.redpanda.com/current/manage/kubernetes/k-scale-redpanda/#node-pvc[Install
the Nodewatcher controller]. For more information about the Decommission
controller, see
https://docs.redpanda.com/current/manage/kubernetes/k-decommission-brokers/#Automated[Use
the Decommission controller].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=affinity++[affinity]

Sets affinity constraints for scheduling Pods that run the Redpanda
Operator. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=clusterDomain++[clusterDomain]

Sets the Kubernetes cluster domain.

*Default:* `"cluster.local"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=commonLabels++[commonLabels]

Additional labels to add to all Kubernetes objects. For example,
`my.k8s.service: redpanda-operator`.

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config++[config]

Configuration for the Kubernetes Controller Manager used by Redpanda
Operator. The Controller Manager is a component of the Kubernetes
control plane that runs controller processes. These controllers are
background threads that handle the orchestration and operational logic
of Kubernetes, ensuring the desired state of the cluster matches the
observed state.

*Default:*

....
{"apiVersion":"controller-runtime.sigs.k8s.io/v1alpha1","health":{"healthProbeBindAddress":":8081"},"kind":"ControllerManagerConfig","leaderElection":{"leaderElect":true,"resourceName":"aa9fc693.vectorized.io"},"metrics":{"bindAddress":"127.0.0.1:8080"},"webhook":{"port":9443}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.health++[config.health]

Configuration for health checking.

*Default:*

....
{"healthProbeBindAddress":":8081"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.health.healthProbeBindAddress++[config.health.healthProbeBindAddress]

Sets the address for the health probe server to listen on.

*Default:* `":8081"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.leaderElection++[config.leaderElection]

Configuration for leader election, which is a process that ensures only
one instance of the controller manager is active at a time. This is
critical for high availability and to prevent split-brain scenarios in a
distributed system.

*Default:*

....
{"leaderElect":true,"resourceName":"aa9fc693.vectorized.io"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.leaderElection.leaderElect++[config.leaderElection.leaderElect]

Enables leader election.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.leaderElection.resourceName++[config.leaderElection.resourceName]

Sets the name of the resource lock for the leader election process.

*Default:* `"aa9fc693.vectorized.io"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.metrics++[config.metrics]

Configuration for the metrics endpoint.

*Default:*

....
{"bindAddress":"127.0.0.1:8080"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.metrics.bindAddress++[config.metrics.bindAddress]

Sets the address for the metrics server to bind to.

*Default:* `"127.0.0.1:8080"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.webhook++[config.webhook]

Configuration for webhooks, such as the port they listen on. Webhooks
are HTTP callbacks that receive and process data in response to events.

*Default:* `{"port":9443}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=config.webhook.port++[config.webhook.port]

Sets the port for the webhook server to listen on.

*Default:* `9443`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=configurator++[configurator]

Configuration for the Redpanda configurator, a component for managing
Redpanda configuration.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/configurator"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=configurator.pullPolicy++[configurator.pullPolicy]

Sets the `pullPolicy` for the Redpanda configurator image.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=configurator.repository++[configurator.repository]

Sets the repository in which the Redpanda configurator image is
available.

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/configurator"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=fullnameOverride++[fullnameOverride]

Overrides the `redpanda-operator.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=image++[image]

Container image settings.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda-operator"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=image.pullPolicy++[image.pullPolicy]

Sets the `pullPolicy` for the `redpanda-operator` image.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=image.repository++[image.repository]

Sets the repository from which to pull the `redpanda-operator` image.

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda-operator"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=imagePullSecrets++[imagePullSecrets]

Pull secrets may be used to provide credentials to image repositories
See the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=kubeRbacProxy++[kubeRbacProxy]

Configuration for the `kube-rbac-proxy`, a component that provides an
HTTP proxy to perform authorization checks.

*Default:*

....
{"image":{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"gcr.io/kubebuilder/kube-rbac-proxy","tag":"v0.14.0"}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=kubeRbacProxy.image++[kubeRbacProxy.image]

Sets settings for pulling the `kube-rbac-proxy` image.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"gcr.io/kubebuilder/kube-rbac-proxy","tag":"v0.14.0"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=kubeRbacProxy.image.pullPolicy++[kubeRbacProxy.image.pullPolicy]

Sets the `pullPolicy` for `kube-rbac-proxy` image

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=kubeRbacProxy.image.repository++[kubeRbacProxy.image.repository]

Sets the repository in which the `kube-rbac-proxy` image is available.

*Default:*

....
"gcr.io/kubebuilder/kube-rbac-proxy"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=kubeRbacProxy.image.tag++[kubeRbacProxy.image.tag]

Sets the `kube-rbac-proxy` image tag.

*Default:* `"v0.14.0"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=logLevel++[logLevel]

Log level Valid values (from least to most verbose) are: `fatal`,
`panic`, `error`, `info` and `debug`.

*Default:* `"info"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=monitoring++[monitoring]

Configuration for monitoring.

*Default:*

....
{"deployPrometheusKubeStack":false,"enabled":false}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=monitoring.deployPrometheusKubeStack++[monitoring.deployPrometheusKubeStack]

Deploys the
https://prometheus-community.github.io/helm-charts/[Prometheus community
Helm chart].

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=monitoring.enabled++[monitoring.enabled]

Creates a ServiceMonitor that can be used by Prometheus-Operator or
VictoriaMetrics-Operator to scrape the metrics.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=nameOverride++[nameOverride]

Overrides the `redpanda-operator.name` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=nodeSelector++[nodeSelector]

Node selection constraints for scheduling Pods on specific nodes. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=podAnnotations++[podAnnotations]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=podLabels++[podLabels]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=rbac++[rbac]

Role-based Access Control (RBAC) configuration for the Redpanda
Operator.

*Default:*

....
{"create":true,"createAdditionalControllerCRs":false,"createRPKBundleCRs":false}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=rbac.create++[rbac.create]

Enables the creation of additional RBAC roles.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=rbac.createAdditionalControllerCRs++[rbac.createAdditionalControllerCRs]

Creates additional RBAC cluster roles that are needed to run additional
controllers using `additionalCmdFlags`.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=rbac.createRPKBundleCRs++[rbac.createRPKBundleCRs]

Create RBAC cluster roles needed for the Redpanda Helm chart’s
`rbac.enabled' feature.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=replicaCount++[replicaCount]

Sets the number of instances of the Redpanda Operator to deploy. Each
instance is deployed as a Pod. All instances are managed by a Deployment
resource.

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=resources++[resources]

Sets resources requests/limits for Redpanda Operator Pods. By default
requests and limits are not set to increase the chances that the charts
run on environments with few resources, such as Minikube. To specify
resources, uncomment the following lines, adjust them as necessary, and
remove the curly braces after `resources`.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=scope++[scope]

Sets the scope of the Redpanda Operator. Valid values are `Cluster` or
`Namespace`. The Cluster scope is deprecated because it deploys the
deprecated version of the Redpanda Operator. Use the default Namespace
scope. In the Namespace scope, the Redpanda Operator manages Redpanda
resources that are deployed in the same namespace as itself.

*Default:* `"Namespace"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=serviceAccount++[serviceAccount]

Service account management.

*Default:* `{"create":true,"name":null}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.create++[serviceAccount.create]

Specifies whether a service account should be created.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.name++[serviceAccount.name]

The name of the service account to use. If not set and
`serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the
`redpanda-operator.fullname` template.

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=tolerations++[tolerations]

Taints to be tolerated by Pods. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=webhook++[webhook]

Specifies whether to create Webhook resources both to intercept and
potentially modify or reject Kubernetes API requests as well as
authenticate requests to the Kubernetes API. Only valid when `scope` is
set to Cluster.

*Default:* `{"enabled":false}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=webhook.enabled++[webhook.enabled]

Creates the Webhook resources.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/operator?modal=values&path=webhookSecretName++[webhookSecretName]

*Default:* `"webhook-server-cert"`
