= Redpanda Helm Chart Specification

:description: Find the default values and descriptions of settings in the Redpanda Helm chart.

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-5.6.31-informational?style=flat-square[Version:
5.6.31]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square[Type:
application]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-v23.2.12-informational?style=flat-square[AppVersion:
v23.2.12]

This page describes the official Redpanda Helm Chart. In particular,
this page describes the contents of the chart’s
https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/redpanda/values.yaml[`values.yaml`
file]. Each of the settings is listed and described on this page, along
with any default values.

For instructions on how to install and use the chart, including how to
override and customize the chart’s values, refer to the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy/[deployment
documentation].

'''''

Autogenerated from chart metadata using
https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.11.0[helm-docs
v1.11.0]

== Source Code

* https://github.com/redpanda-data/helm-charts

== Requirements

Kubernetes: `^1.21.0-0`

[cols=",,",options="header",]
|===
|Repository |Name |Version
|https://charts.redpanda.com |connectors |>=0.1.2 <1.0
|https://charts.redpanda.com |console |>=0.5 <1.0
|===

== Settings

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=affinity++[affinity]

Affinity constraints for scheduling Pods, can override this for
StatefulSets and Jobs. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=auth++[auth]

Authentication settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/security/sasl-kubernetes/[SASL
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"sasl":{"enabled":false,"mechanism":"SCRAM-SHA-512","secretRef":"redpanda-users","users":[]}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.enabled++[auth.sasl.enabled]

Enable SASL authentication. If you enable SASL authentication, you must
provide a Secret in `auth.sasl.secretRef`.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.mechanism++[auth.sasl.mechanism]

The authentication mechanism to use for the superuser. Options are
`SCRAM-SHA-256` and `SCRAM-SHA-512`.

*Default:* `"SCRAM-SHA-512"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.secretRef++[auth.sasl.secretRef]

A Secret that contains your superuser credentials. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/security/sasl-kubernetes/#use-secrets[SASL
documentation].

*Default:* `"redpanda-users"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=auth.sasl.users++[auth.sasl.users]

Optional list of superusers. These superusers will be created in the
Secret whose name is defined in `auth.sasl.secretRef`. If this list is
empty, the Secret in `auth.sasl.secretRef` must already exist in the
cluster before you deploy the chart. Uncomment the sample list if you
wish to try adding sample sasl users or override to use your own.

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=clusterDomain++[clusterDomain]

Default Kubernetes cluster domain.

*Default:* `"cluster.local"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=commonLabels++[commonLabels]

Additional labels to add to all Kubernetes objects. For example,
`my.k8s.service: redpanda`.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config++[config]

This section contains various settings supported by Redpanda that may
not work correctly in a Kubernetes cluster. Changing these settings
comes with some risk. Use these settings to customize various Redpanda
configurations that are not covered in other sections. These values have
no impact on the configuration or behavior of the Kubernetes objects
deployed by Helm, and therefore should not be modified for the purpose
of configuring those objects. Instead, these settings get passed
directly to the Redpanda binary at startup. For descriptions of these
properties, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/cluster-administration/configuration/[configuration
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"cluster":{"default_topic_replications":3},"node":{"crash_loop_limit":5},"pandaproxy_client":{},"rpk":{},"schema_registry_client":{},"tunable":{"compacted_log_segment_size":67108864,"group_topic_partitions":16,"kafka_batch_max_bytes":1048576,"kafka_connection_rate_limit":1000,"log_segment_size":134217728,"log_segment_size_max":268435456,"log_segment_size_min":16777216,"max_compacted_log_segment_size":536870912,"topic_partitions_per_shard":1000}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.node++[config.node]

Node (broker) properties. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/node-properties/[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `{"crash_loop_limit":5}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.node.crash_loop_limit++[config.node.crash_loop_limit]

Crash loop limit A limit on the number of consecutive times a broker can
crash within one hour before its crash-tracking logic is reset. This
limit prevents a broker from getting stuck in an infinite cycle of
crashes. User can disable this crash loop limit check by the following
action: * One hour elapses since the last crash * The node configuration
file, redpanda.yaml, is updated via config.cluster or config.node or
config.tunable objects * The startup_log file in the node’s
data_directory is manually deleted Default to 5 REF:
https://docs.redpanda.com/current/reference/node-properties/#crash_loop_limit

*Default:* `5`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable++[config.tunable]

Tunable cluster properties.

*Default:*

....
{"compacted_log_segment_size":67108864,"group_topic_partitions":16,"kafka_batch_max_bytes":1048576,"kafka_connection_rate_limit":1000,"log_segment_size":134217728,"log_segment_size_max":268435456,"log_segment_size_min":16777216,"max_compacted_log_segment_size":536870912,"topic_partitions_per_shard":1000}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.compacted_log_segment_size++[config.tunable.compacted_log_segment_size]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#compacted_log_segment_size[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `67108864`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.group_topic_partitions++[config.tunable.group_topic_partitions]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#group_topic_partitions[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `16`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.kafka_batch_max_bytes++[config.tunable.kafka_batch_max_bytes]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#kafka_batch_max_bytes[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `1048576`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.kafka_connection_rate_limit++[config.tunable.kafka_connection_rate_limit]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#kafka_connection_rate_limit[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `1000`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.log_segment_size++[config.tunable.log_segment_size]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#log_segment_size[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `134217728`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.log_segment_size_max++[config.tunable.log_segment_size_max]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#log_segment_size_max[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `268435456`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.log_segment_size_min++[config.tunable.log_segment_size_min]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#log_segment_size_min[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `16777216`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.max_compacted_log_segment_size++[config.tunable.max_compacted_log_segment_size]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#max_compacted_log_segment_size[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `536870912`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=config.tunable.topic_partitions_per_shard++[config.tunable.topic_partitions_per_shard]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#topic_partitions_per_shard[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `1000`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=connectors++[connectors]

Redpanda Managed Connectors settings For a reference of configuration
settings, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/cloud/managed-connectors/[Redpanda
Connectors documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"deployment":{"create":false},"enabled":false,"test":{"create":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=console++[console]

Redpanda Console settings. For a reference of configuration settings,
see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/console/config/[Redpanda
Console documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"config":{},"configmap":{"create":false},"deployment":{"create":false},"enabled":true,"secret":{"create":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=enterprise++[enterprise]

Enterprise (optional) For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/get-started/licenses/?platform=kubernetes#redpanda-enterprise-edition[License
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"license":"","licenseSecretRef":{}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=enterprise.license++[enterprise.license]

license (optional).

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=enterprise.licenseSecretRef++[enterprise.licenseSecretRef]

Secret name and key where the license key is stored.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=external++[external]

External access settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/networking/networking-and-connectivity/[Networking
and Connectivity documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"enabled":true,"service":{"enabled":true},"type":"NodePort"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=external.enabled++[external.enabled]

Enable external access for each Service. You can toggle external access
for each listener in
`listeners.<service name>.external.<listener-name>.enabled`.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=external.service++[external.service]

Service allows you to manage the creation of an external kubernetes
service object

*Default:* `{"enabled":true}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=external.service.enabled++[external.service.enabled]

Enabled if set to false will not create the external service type You
can still set your cluster with external access but not create the
supporting service (NodePort/LoadBalander). Set this to false if you
rather manage your own service.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=external.type++[external.type]

External access type. Only `NodePort` and `LoadBalancer` are supported.
If undefined, then advertised listeners will be configured in Redpanda,
but the helm chart will not create a Service. You must create a Service
manually. Warning: If you use LoadBalancers, you will likely experience
higher latency and increased packet loss. NodePort is recommended in
cases where latency is a priority.

*Default:* `"NodePort"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=fullnameOverride++[fullnameOverride]

Override `redpanda.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image++[image]

Redpanda Docker image settings.

*Default:*

....
{"pullPolicy":"IfNotPresent","repository":"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda","tag":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.pullPolicy++[image.pullPolicy]

The imagePullPolicy. If `image.tag` is `latest', the default is
`Always`.

*Default:* `"IfNotPresent"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.repository++[image.repository]

Docker repository from which to pull the Redpanda Docker image.

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=image.tag++[image.tag]

The Redpanda version. See DockerHub for:
https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/redpanda/tags[All stable versions]
and https://hub.docker.com/r/redpandadata/redpanda-unstable/tags[all
unstable versions].

*Default:* `Chart.appVersion`.

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=imagePullSecrets++[imagePullSecrets]

Pull secrets may be used to provide credentials to image repositories
See
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/pull-image-private-registry/

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=license_key++[license_key]

DEPRECATED Enterprise license key (optional). For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/get-started/licenses/?platform=kubernetes#redpanda-enterprise-edition[License
documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=license_secret_ref++[license_secret_ref]

DEPRECATED Secret name and secret key where the license key is stored.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners++[listeners]

Listener settings. Override global settings configured above for
individual listeners. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/networking/configure-listeners/[listeners
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"admin":{"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[31644],"port":9645,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}},"port":9644,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}},"http":{"authenticationMethod":null,"enabled":true,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[30082],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":8083,"tls":{"cert":"external","requireClientAuth":false}}},"kafkaEndpoint":"default","port":8082,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}},"kafka":{"authenticationMethod":null,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[31092\],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":9094,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}},"port":9093,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}},"rpc":{"port":33145,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}},"schemaRegistry":{"authenticationMethod":null,"enabled":true,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[30081],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":8084,"tls":{"cert":"external","requireClientAuth":false}}},"kafkaEndpoint":"default","port":8081,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin++[listeners.admin]

Admin API listener (only one).

*Default:*

....
{"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[31644],"port":9645,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}},"port":9644,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.external++[listeners.admin.external]

Optional external access settings.

*Default:*

....
{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[31644],"port":9645,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.external.default++[listeners.admin.external.default]

Name of the external listener.

*Default:*

....
{"advertisedPorts":[31644],"port":9645,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.external.default.tls++[listeners.admin.external.default.tls]

The port advertised to this listener’s external clients. List one port
if you want to use the same port for each broker (would be the case when
using NodePort service). Otherwise, list the port you want to use for
each broker in order of StatefulSet replicas. If undefined,
`listeners.admin.port` is used.

*Default:* `{"cert":"external"}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.port++[listeners.admin.port]

The port for both internal and external connections to the Admin API.

*Default:* `9644`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.tls++[listeners.admin.tls]

Optional TLS section (required if global TLS is enabled)

*Default:*

....
{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.tls.cert++[listeners.admin.tls.cert]

Name of the Certificate used for TLS (must match a Certificate name that
is registered in tls.certs).

*Default:* `"default"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.admin.tls.requireClientAuth++[listeners.admin.tls.requireClientAuth]

If true, the truststore file for this listener is included in the
ConfigMap.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.http++[listeners.http]

HTTP API listeners (aka PandaProxy).

*Default:*

....
{"authenticationMethod":null,"enabled":true,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[30082],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":8083,"tls":{"cert":"external","requireClientAuth":false}}},"kafkaEndpoint":"default","port":8082,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.kafka++[listeners.kafka]

Kafka API listeners.

*Default:*

....
{"authenticationMethod":null,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[31092],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":9094,"tls":{"cert":"external"}}},"port":9093,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.kafka.external.default.advertisedPorts++[listeners.kafka.external.default.advertisedPorts]

If undefined, `listeners.kafka.external.default.port` is used.

*Default:* `[31092]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.kafka.external.default.port++[listeners.kafka.external.default.port]

The port used for external client connections.

*Default:* `9094`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.kafka.port++[listeners.kafka.port]

The port for internal client connections.

*Default:* `9093`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.rpc++[listeners.rpc]

RPC listener (this is never externally accessible).

*Default:*

....
{"port":33145,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=listeners.schemaRegistry++[listeners.schemaRegistry]

Schema registry listeners.

*Default:*

....
{"authenticationMethod":null,"enabled":true,"external":{"default":{"advertisedPorts":[30081],"authenticationMethod":null,"port":8084,"tls":{"cert":"external","requireClientAuth":false}}},"kafkaEndpoint":"default","port":8081,"tls":{"cert":"default","requireClientAuth":false}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=logging++[logging]

Log-level settings.

*Default:*

....
{"logLevel":"info","usageStats":{"enabled":true}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=logging.logLevel++[logging.logLevel]

Log level Valid values (from least to most verbose) are: `warn`, `info`,
`debug`, and `trace`.

*Default:* `"info"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=logging.usageStats++[logging.usageStats]

Send usage statistics back to Redpanda Data. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/cluster-administration/monitoring/#stats-reporting[stats
reporting documentation].

*Default:* `{"enabled":true}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=monitoring++[monitoring]

Monitoring. This will create a ServiceMonitor that can be used by
Prometheus-Operator or VictoriaMetrics-Operator to scrape the metrics.

*Default:*

....
{"enabled":false,"labels":{},"scrapeInterval":"30s","tlsConfig":{}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=nameOverride++[nameOverride]

Override `redpanda.name` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=nodeSelector++[nodeSelector]

Node selection constraints for scheduling Pods, can override this for
StatefulSets. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=post_install_job.affinity++[post_install_job.affinity]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=post_install_job.enabled++[post_install_job.enabled]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=post_upgrade_job.affinity++[post_upgrade_job.affinity]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=post_upgrade_job.enabled++[post_upgrade_job.enabled]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rackAwareness++[rackAwareness]

Rack Awareness settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/kubernetes-rack-awareness/[Rack
Awareness documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"enabled":false,"nodeAnnotation":"topology.kubernetes.io/zone"}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rackAwareness.enabled++[rackAwareness.enabled]

When running in multiple racks or availability zones, use a Kubernetes
Node annotation value as the Redpanda rack value. Enabling this requires
running with a service account with ``get'' Node permissions. To have
the Helm chart configure these permissions, set
`serviceAccount.create=true` and `rbac.enabled=true`.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rackAwareness.nodeAnnotation++[rackAwareness.nodeAnnotation]

The common well-known annotation to use as the rack ID. Override this
only if you use a custom Node annotation.

*Default:*

....
"topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rbac++[rbac]

Role Based Access Control.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"enabled":false}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rbac.annotations++[rbac.annotations]

Annotations to add to the `rbac` resources.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=rbac.enabled++[rbac.enabled]

Enable for features that need extra privileges.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources++[resources]

Pod resource management. This section simplifies resource allocation by
providing a single location where resources are defined. Helm sets these
resource values within the `statefulset.yaml` and `configmap.yaml`
templates. The default values are for a development environment.
Production-level values and other considerations are documented, where
those values are different from the default. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/manage-resources/[Pod
resources documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"cpu":{"cores":1},"memory":{"container":{"max":"2.5Gi"}}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources.cpu++[resources.cpu]

CPU resources. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/manage-resources/#configure-cpu-resources[Pod
resources documentation].

*Default:* `{"cores":1}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources.cpu.cores++[resources.cpu.cores]

Redpanda makes use of a thread per core model. For details, see this
https://redpanda.com/blog/tpc-buffers[blog]. For this reason, Redpanda
should only be given full cores. Note: You can increase cores, but
decreasing cores is not currently supported. See the
https://github.com/redpanda-data/redpanda/issues/350[GitHub issue]. This
setting is equivalent to `--smp`, `resources.requests.cpu`, and
`resources.limits.cpu`. For production, use `4` or greater.

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources.memory++[resources.memory]

Memory resources For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/manage-resources/#configure-memory-resources[Pod
resources documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"container":{"max":"2.5Gi"}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=resources.memory.container.max++[resources.memory.container.max]

Maximum memory count for each Redpanda broker. Equivalent to
`resources.limits.memory`. For production, use `10Gi` or greater.

*Default:* `"2.5Gi"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount++[serviceAccount]

Service account management.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"create":false,"name":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.annotations++[serviceAccount.annotations]

Annotations to add to the service account.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.create++[serviceAccount.create]

Specifies whether a service account should be created.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=serviceAccount.name++[serviceAccount.name]

The name of the service account to use. If not set and
`serviceAccount.create` is `true`, a name is generated using the
`redpanda.fullname` template.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.additionalRedpandaCmdFlags++[statefulset.additionalRedpandaCmdFlags]

Additional flags to pass to redpanda,

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.annotations++[statefulset.annotations]

Additional annotations to apply to the Pods of this StatefulSet.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.budget.maxUnavailable++[statefulset.budget.maxUnavailable]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.extraVolumes++[statefulset.extraVolumes]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainerImage.repository++[statefulset.initContainerImage.repository]

*Default:* `"busybox"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainerImage.tag++[statefulset.initContainerImage.tag]

*Default:* `"latest"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.configurator.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.initContainers.configurator.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.configurator.resources++[statefulset.initContainers.configurator.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.extraInitContainers++[statefulset.initContainers.extraInitContainers]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.enabled++[statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.enabled]

In environments where root is not allowed, you cannot change the
ownership of files and directories. Enable `setDataDirOwnership` when
using default minikube cluster configuration.

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.resources++[statefulset.initContainers.setDataDirOwnership.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.setTieredStorageCacheDirOwnership.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.initContainers.setTieredStorageCacheDirOwnership.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.setTieredStorageCacheDirOwnership.resources++[statefulset.initContainers.setTieredStorageCacheDirOwnership.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.tuning.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.initContainers.tuning.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.initContainers.tuning.resources++[statefulset.initContainers.tuning.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.livenessProbe.failureThreshold++[statefulset.livenessProbe.failureThreshold]

*Default:* `3`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds++[statefulset.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds]

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.livenessProbe.periodSeconds++[statefulset.livenessProbe.periodSeconds]

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.nodeSelector++[statefulset.nodeSelector]

Node selection constraints for scheduling Pods of this StatefulSet.
These constraints override the global nodeSelector value. For details,
see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#nodeselector[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAffinity++[statefulset.podAffinity]

Inter-Pod Affinity rules for scheduling Pods of this StatefulSet. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAntiAffinity++[statefulset.podAntiAffinity]

Anti-affinity rules for scheduling Pods of this StatefulSet. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/assign-pod-node/#inter-pod-affinity-and-anti-affinity[Kubernetes
documentation]. You may either edit the default settings for
anti-affinity rules, or specify new anti-affinity rules to use instead
of the defaults.

*Default:*

....
{"custom":{},"topologyKey":"kubernetes.io/hostname","type":"hard","weight":100}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAntiAffinity.custom++[statefulset.podAntiAffinity.custom]

Change `podAntiAffinity.type` to `custom` and provide your own
podAntiAffinity rules here.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAntiAffinity.topologyKey++[statefulset.podAntiAffinity.topologyKey]

The topologyKey to be used. Can be used to spread across different
nodes, AZs, regions etc.

*Default:* `"kubernetes.io/hostname"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAntiAffinity.type++[statefulset.podAntiAffinity.type]

Valid anti-affinity types are `soft`, `hard`, or `custom`. Use `custom`
if you want to supply your own anti-affinity rules in the
`podAntiAffinity.custom` object.

*Default:* `"hard"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.podAntiAffinity.weight++[statefulset.podAntiAffinity.weight]

Weight for `soft` anti-affinity rules. Does not apply for other
anti-affinity types.

*Default:* `100`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.priorityClassName++[statefulset.priorityClassName]

PriorityClassName given to Pods of this StatefulSet. For details, see
the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.readinessProbe.failureThreshold++[statefulset.readinessProbe.failureThreshold]

*Default:* `3`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds++[statefulset.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.readinessProbe.periodSeconds++[statefulset.readinessProbe.periodSeconds]

*Default:* `10`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.readinessProbe.successThreshold++[statefulset.readinessProbe.successThreshold]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.replicas++[statefulset.replicas]

Number of Redpanda brokers (Redpanda Data recommends setting this to the
number of worker nodes in the cluster)

*Default:* `3`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.securityContext.fsGroup++[statefulset.securityContext.fsGroup]

*Default:* `101`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy++[statefulset.securityContext.fsGroupChangePolicy]

*Default:* `"OnRootMismatch"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.securityContext.runAsUser++[statefulset.securityContext.runAsUser]

*Default:* `101`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.enabled++[statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.enabled]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.extraVolumeMounts++[statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.extraVolumeMounts]

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.resources++[statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.securityContext++[statefulset.sideCars.configWatcher.securityContext]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.createRBAC++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.createRBAC]

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.enabled++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.enabled]

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.healthProbeAddress++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.healthProbeAddress]

*Default:* `":8085"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.image.repository++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.image.repository]

*Default:*

....
"docker.redpanda.com/redpandadata/redpanda-operator"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.image.tag++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.image.tag]

*Default:* `"v23.2.8"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.metricsAddress++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.metricsAddress]

*Default:* `":9082"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.resources++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.resources]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.run%5B0%5D++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.run[0\]]

*Default:* `"all"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.sideCars.controllers.securityContext++[statefulset.sideCars.controllers.securityContext]

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.startupProbe++[statefulset.startupProbe]

Adjust the period for your probes to meet your needs. For details, see
the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#container-probes[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"failureThreshold":120,"initialDelaySeconds":1,"periodSeconds":10}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.terminationGracePeriodSeconds++[statefulset.terminationGracePeriodSeconds]

Termination grace period in seconds is time required to execute preStop
hook which puts particular Redpanda Pod (process/container) into
maintenance mode. Before settle down on particular value please put
Redpanda under load and perform rolling upgrade or rolling restart. That
value needs to accommodate two processes: * preStop hook needs to put
Redpanda into maintenance mode * after preStop hook Redpanda needs to
handle gracefully SIGTERM signal Both processes are executed
sequentially where preStop hook has hard deadline in the middle of
terminationGracePeriodSeconds. REF:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/container-lifecycle-hooks/#hook-handler-execution
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle/#pod-termination

*Default:* `90`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.tolerations++[statefulset.tolerations]

Taints to be tolerated by Pods of this StatefulSet. These tolerations
override the global tolerations value. For details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.maxSkew++[statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].maxSkew]

*Default:* `1`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.topologyKey++[statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].topologyKey]

*Default:*

....
"topology.kubernetes.io/zone"
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints%5B0%5D.whenUnsatisfiable++[statefulset.topologySpreadConstraints[0\].whenUnsatisfiable]

*Default:* `"ScheduleAnyway"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=statefulset.updateStrategy.type++[statefulset.updateStrategy.type]

*Default:* `"RollingUpdate"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage++[storage]

Persistence settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/configure-storage/[storage
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"hostPath":"","persistentVolume":{"annotations":{},"enabled":true,"labels":{},"size":"20Gi","storageClass":""},"tiered":{"config":{"cloud_storage_access_key":"","cloud_storage_api_endpoint":"","cloud_storage_azure_container":null,"cloud_storage_azure_shared_key":null,"cloud_storage_azure_storage_account":null,"cloud_storage_bucket":"","cloud_storage_cache_size":5368709120,"cloud_storage_credentials_source":"config_file","cloud_storage_enable_remote_read":true,"cloud_storage_enable_remote_write":true,"cloud_storage_enabled":false,"cloud_storage_region":"","cloud_storage_secret_key":""},"hostPath":"","mountType":"emptyDir","persistentVolume":{"annotations":{},"labels":{},"storageClass":""}}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.hostPath++[storage.hostPath]

Absolute path on the host to store Redpanda’s data. If unspecified, then
an `emptyDir` volume is used. If specified but
`persistentVolume.enabled` is true, `storage.hostPath` has no effect.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.persistentVolume++[storage.persistentVolume]

If `persistentVolume.enabled` is true, a PersistentVolumeClaim is
created and used to store Redpanda’s data. Otherwise, `storage.hostPath`
is used.

*Default:*

....
{"annotations":{},"enabled":true,"labels":{},"size":"20Gi","storageClass":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.persistentVolume.annotations++[storage.persistentVolume.annotations]

Additional annotations to apply to the created PersistentVolumeClaims.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.persistentVolume.labels++[storage.persistentVolume.labels]

Additional labels to apply to the created PersistentVolumeClaims.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.persistentVolume.storageClass++[storage.persistentVolume.storageClass]

To disable dynamic provisioning, set to ``-''. If undefined or empty
(default), then no storageClassName spec is set, and the default dynamic
provisioner is chosen (gp2 on AWS, standard on GKE, AWS & OpenStack).

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config++[storage.tiered.config]

Tiered Storage settings Requires `enterprise.licenseKey` or
`enterprised.licenseSecretRef` For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/tiered-storage/[Tiered
Storage documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"cloud_storage_access_key":"","cloud_storage_api_endpoint":"","cloud_storage_azure_container":null,"cloud_storage_azure_shared_key":null,"cloud_storage_azure_storage_account":null,"cloud_storage_bucket":"","cloud_storage_cache_size":5368709120,"cloud_storage_credentials_source":"config_file","cloud_storage_enable_remote_read":true,"cloud_storage_enable_remote_write":true,"cloud_storage_enabled":false,"cloud_storage_region":"","cloud_storage_secret_key":""}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_access_key++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_access_key]

Required for AWS and GCS authentication with access keys. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_access_key[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_api_endpoint++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_api_endpoint]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_api_endpoint[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_container++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_container]

Required for ABS. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_azure_container[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_shared_key++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_shared_key]

Required for ABS. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_azure_shared_key[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_storage_account++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_azure_storage_account]

Required for ABS. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_azure_storage_account[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `nil`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_bucket++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_bucket]

Required for AWS and GCS. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_bucket[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_cache_size++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_cache_size]

Maximum size of the disk cache used by Tiered Storage. Default is 20
GiB. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_cache_size[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `5368709120`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_credentials_source++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_credentials_source]

Required for AWS and GCS authentication with IAM roles. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_credentials_source[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `"config_file"`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enable_remote_read++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enable_remote_read]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#cloud_storage_enable_remote_read[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enable_remote_write++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enable_remote_write]

See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/tunable-properties/#cloud_storage_enable_remote_write[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enabled++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_enabled]

Global flag that enables Tiered Storage if a license key is provided.
See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_enabled[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `false`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_region++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_region]

Required for AWS and GCS. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_region[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_secret_key++[storage.tiered.config.cloud_storage_secret_key]

Required for AWS and GCS authentication with access keys. See the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/reference/cluster-properties/#cloud_storage_secret_key[property
reference documentation].

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.hostPath++[storage.tiered.hostPath]

Absolute path on the host to store Redpanda’s Tiered Storage cache.

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.persistentVolume.annotations++[storage.tiered.persistentVolume.annotations]

Additional annotations to apply to the created PersistentVolumeClaims.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.persistentVolume.labels++[storage.tiered.persistentVolume.labels]

Additional labels to apply to the created PersistentVolumeClaims.

*Default:* `{}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=storage.tiered.persistentVolume.storageClass++[storage.tiered.persistentVolume.storageClass]

To disable dynamic provisioning, set to ``-''. If undefined or empty
(default), then no storageClassName spec is set, and the default dynamic
provisioner is chosen (gp2 on AWS, standard on GKE, AWS & OpenStack).

*Default:* `""`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls++[tls]

TLS settings. For details, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/manage/kubernetes/security/kubernetes-tls/[TLS
documentation].

*Default:*

....
{"certs":{"default":{"caEnabled":true},"external":{"caEnabled":true}},"enabled":true}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.certs++[tls.certs]

List all Certificates here, then you can reference a specific
Certificate’s name in each listener’s
`listeners.<listener name>.tls.cert` setting.

*Default:*

....
{"default":{"caEnabled":true},"external":{"caEnabled":true}}
....

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.certs.default++[tls.certs.default]

This key is the Certificate name. To apply the Certificate to a specific
listener, reference the Certificate’s name in
`listeners.<listener-name>.tls.cert`.

*Default:* `{"caEnabled":true}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.certs.default.caEnabled++[tls.certs.default.caEnabled]

Set the `caEnabled` flag to `true` only for Certificates that are not
authenticated using public authorities.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.certs.external++[tls.certs.external]

Example external tls configuration uncomment and set the right key to
the listeners that require them also enable the tls setting for those
listeners.

*Default:* `{"caEnabled":true}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.certs.external.caEnabled++[tls.certs.external.caEnabled]

Set the `caEnabled` flag to `true` only for Certificates that are not
authenticated using public authorities.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tls.enabled++[tls.enabled]

Enable TLS globally for all listeners. Each listener must include a
Certificate name in its `<listener>.tls` object. To allow you to enable
TLS for individual listeners, Certificates in `auth.tls.certs` are
always loaded, even if `tls.enabled` is `false`. See
`listeners.<listener-name>.tls.enabled`.

*Default:* `true`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tolerations++[tolerations]

Taints to be tolerated by Pods, can override this for StatefulSets. For
details, see the
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/taint-and-toleration/[Kubernetes
documentation].

*Default:* `[]`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tuning++[tuning]

Redpanda tuning settings. Each is set to their default values in
Redpanda.

*Default:* `{"tune_aio_events":true}`

=== link:++https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-data/redpanda?modal=values&path=tuning.tune_aio_events++[tuning.tune_aio_events]

Increase the maximum number of outstanding asynchronous IO operations if
the current value is below a certain threshold. This allows Redpanda to
make as many simultaneous IO requests as possible, increasing
throughput. When this option is enabled, Helm creates a privileged
container. If your security profile does not allow this, see the
https://docs.redpanda.com/docs/deploy/deployment-option/self-hosted/kubernetes/kubernetes-tune-workers/[tuning
documentation].

*Default:* `true`
